Searching for your content... 
In-Language News
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News provided by 21 Feb, 2024, 10:00 ET Share this article ,   /PRNewswire/ -- Frost Bank, one of the largest banks based in  , received 34 Greenwich Excellence and Best Brand Awards – the highest amount received nationwide for the eighth consecutive year – for providing superior service, advice and performance to small-business and middle-market banking clients. As in previous years, Frost is the only  -based bank to receive national recognition for "Overall Satisfaction" and "Likelihood to Recommend" in both the middle-market and small-business banking categories. This is the 19th consecutive year that Frost has been recognized by Coalition Greenwich, the leading research-based consulting firm serving the financial services industry. The 34 awards Frost received for 2023 were nearly evenly split between the middle-market segment (16) and the small-business segment (18). "We say it often: Frost has the best bankers in the business, and that's reflected in these awards," said Frost Chairman and CEO  . "I'm especially proud of the fact that as we have grown and expanded into new markets, our team has continued providing the highest level of customer service in ways that make people's lives better." Frost received Greenwich Awards in Small Business Banking for: Frost received Greenwich Awards in Middle Market Banking for: Coalition Greenwich based the awards on interviews with thousands of executives across the country. Frost is the banking, investments and insurance subsidiary of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:  ), a financial holding company with   in assets at  . One of the 50 largest U.S. banks by asset size, Frost provides a full range of banking, investments and insurance services to businesses and individuals in the  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Permian Basin, Rio Grande Valley and   regions. Founded in 1868, Frost has helped Texans with their financial needs during three centuries. For more information, visit  . For more information: 210-220-5427 office 210-288-5498 mobile SOURCE Frost Bank