We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more,  . By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised   and  . You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click  . If you do not, click Cancel.   Image: Bigstock Zacks Equity Research
                     
                      
     
                 
                 
                             
                 
             
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 In the latest market close, Cisco Systems (     )     reached $49.88, with a +0.67% movement compared to the previous day. This move outpaced the S&P 500's daily gain of 0.32%. At the same time, the Dow added 0.68%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 0.2%. The the stock of seller of routers, switches, software and services has risen by 2.21% in the past month, lagging the Computer and Technology sector's gain of 6.04% and the S&P 500's gain of 5.11%. The upcoming earnings release of Cisco Systems will be of great interest to investors. The company is predicted to post an EPS of $0.85, indicating a 15% decline compared to the equivalent quarter last year. At the same time, our most recent consensus estimate is projecting a revenue of $12.26 billion, reflecting a 15.84% fall from the equivalent quarter last year. Looking at the full year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $3.71 per share and revenue of $52.43 billion. These totals would mark changes of -4.63% and -8.01%, respectively, from last year. It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Cisco Systems. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook. Empirical research indicates that these revisions in estimates have a direct correlation with impending stock price performance. To capitalize on this, we've crafted the Zacks Rank, a unique model that incorporates these estimate changes and offers a practical rating system. The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.09% lower within the past month. Cisco Systems is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell). Investors should also note Cisco Systems's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 13.37. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 14.97, so one might conclude that Cisco Systems is trading at a discount comparatively. We can also see that CSCO currently has a PEG ratio of 1.91. The PEG ratio bears resemblance to the frequently used P/E ratio, but this parameter also includes the company's expected earnings growth trajectory. The Computer - Networking industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.18 as trading concluded yesterday. The Computer - Networking industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. With its current Zacks Industry Rank of 69, this industry ranks in the top 28% of all industries, numbering over 250. The Zacks Industry Rank assesses the vigor of our specific industry groups by computing the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks incorporated in the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1. Keep in mind to rely on Zacks.com to watch all these stock-impacting metrics, and more, in the succeeding trading sessions. Our experts picked 7 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buy stocks with the best chance to skyrocket within the next 30-90 days. Recent stocks from this report have soared up to +67.5% within 30 days - this month's picks could be even better. See our report's 7 new picks today - it's really free!    No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. This page has not been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved or endorsed by the companies represented herein. Each of the company logos represented herein are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation; Dow Jones & Company; Nasdaq, Inc.; Forbes Media, LLC; Investor's Business Daily, Inc.; and Morningstar, Inc. Copyright 2024 Zacks Investment Research   10 S Riverside Plaza Suite #1600   Chicago, IL 60606 At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has more than doubled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +24.15%  per year. These returns cover a period from January 1, 1988 through March 4, 2024. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zacks Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations. Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer. Visit   for information about the performance numbers displayed above. Visit   to get our data and content for your mobile app or website. Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard. NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google   and   apply.