Searching for your content... 
In-Language News
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News provided by 25 Mar, 2024, 11:00 ET Share this article ,   /PRNewswire/ -- At Enterprise Connect, Cisco (NASDAQ:  ) today unveiled new purpose-built, multifunctional devices that deliver modernized collaboration experiences to today's hybrid workforce. The company announced the launch of the Cisco Board Pro G2, an AI-fueled and touch-enabled collaboration device and Cisco Desk Phone 9800 Series, designed to bring a modern and personalized productivity hub to any desk. While research finds that employees are increasingly open to coming to the office, over 50% of employers and employees do not think the office is equipped with the technology needed to power meaningful collaboration at scale. The Cisco Board Pro G2 and Cisco Desk Phone 9800 series are the company's   designed to support organizations as they transition into permanent hybrid models and reconfigure workspaces to enable seamless collaboration. "Cisco is expanding our portfolio of collaboration devices to deliver modern experiences to every corner of the office — from individual workspaces, to meeting rooms of all sizes and configurations," said Jeetu Patel, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Cisco Security and Collaboration. "With AI built in from the ground up, our voice and video devices are changing what's possible for hybrid workers, delivering tangible outcomes that matter." workstyles floorplans on-prem Both Board Pro G2 and Cisco Desk Phone Series 9800 integrate with Cisco Spaces and Control Hub, simplifying IT management and providing insights that enable IT and corporate real estate teams to make informed workplace technology investment decisions. Please see   and   for more information and availability info. NASDAQ CSCO reimagine Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at  . Webex Webex's Webex SOURCE Cisco Systems, Inc. Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) today announced it completed the acquisition of Splunk, setting the foundation for delivering unparalleled visibility and... Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) today announced it completed the acquisition of Splunk, setting the foundation for delivering unparalleled visibility and...