Countdown to Luke Lango’s “2nd Trillion-Dollar A.I. Trade” The U.S. govt just unlocked an $8 trillion market to move in a new direction. See how it could unleash 6,000% potential upside. 
			Analysts are split on 3M ahead of the highly anticipated Solventum spinoff		 
										Advertisement									 Source: josefkubes / Shutterstock.com Investors are eagerly awaiting the upcoming launch of   (NYSE: ) healthcare spinoff, Solventum. What does it mean for 3M stock? Well, investors aren’t quite so sure. Some believe it may be worth buying up 3M shares ahead of the Solventum launch, arguing the spinoff may prove bullish for its parent company.  Others think it may be prudent to   on April 1 — and any corresponding carnage to 3M stock — before buying into the industrial company.  As it stands, if you want to get into Solventum via 3M’s share distribution, it’s probably too late. The record date to get one share of Solventum for every four shares of 3M was March 18.  Ahead of the launch, 3M has regained quite a bit of popularity. Indeed, MMM stock is up 16.7% over the past month. That said, the stock is still in the red 2.3% year to date, while the   is up more than 10% over the same period.  . With degrees in economics and journalism, Shrey Dua leverages his ample experience in media and reporting to contribute well-informed articles covering everything from financial regulation and the electric vehicle industry to the housing market and monetary policy. Shrey’s articles have featured in the likes of Morning Brew, Real Clear Markets, the Downline Podcast, and more. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2024/03/3m-stock-alert-7-things-to-know-about-the-upcoming-3m-healthcare-spinoff/. ©2024 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 
								 
							 
								 
							 
								 
							 Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq
						quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes.
						Copyright ©
						2024 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 1125 N. Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21201.
					 Your Email