We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more,  . By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised   and  . You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click  . If you do not, click Cancel.   Image: Bigstock Zacks Equity Research
                     
                                        
     
                 
                 
                             
                 
             
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 (     )     announced that the phase III KEYLYNK-006 study, evaluating the combination of its blockbuster drugs Keytruda and Lynparza in certain non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, failed to meet its primary endpoints. The KEYLYNK-006 study evaluated Keytruda, combined with Lynparza as maintenance therapy, for the first-line treatment for patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC with no EGFR, ALK or ROS1 genomic tumor aberrations. Patients in the control group received pemetrexed chemotherapy instead of Lynparza. The treatment combination had failed to achieve the study’s pre-specified statistical criteria for the dual primary endpoints of overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) compared with those who received the Keytruda- pemetrexed combo. This is not the first time the Keytruda-Lynparza combination suffered a setback in NSCLC indication. Last December, Merck  results from the phase III KEYLYNK-008 study, which evaluated the combination as a first-line treatment for patients with metastatic squamous NSCLC. This study failed to show an improvement in OS, one of the study’s dual primary endpoints. The study previously failed to achieve the other dual primary endpoint of PFS during the second interim data analysis. A complete evaluation of the data from the KEYLYNK-006 study is ongoing. Management intends to work with investigators to share the results with the scientific community. The stock has gained 13.4% year to date compared with the  ’s 13.2% growth. The Keytruda-Lynparza combo has also suffered a similar setback in prostate cancer indication. In 2022, Merck stopped the phase III KEYLYNK-010 study evaluating the combination in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). The KEYLYNK-010 failed to achieve its primary endpoints of OS and radiographic PFS. Lynparza, a PARP inhibitor, has been developed by Merck in collaboration with   (     )    . Lynparza is approved for four cancer types — ovarian, breast, prostate and pancreatic. The profit-sharing deal between AstraZeneca and Merck was inked in 2017. Apart from Lynparza, the Merck-AstraZeneca deal also includes Koselugo. An anti-PD-1 therapy, Keytruda is a revenue driver for Merck. The drug is approved for several types of cancer, contributing around 42% to MRK’s total revenues in 2023. Keytruda is authorized to treat eight indications in earlier-stage cancers in the United States. Merck’s Keytruda continuously grows and expands into new indications and markets globally. Merck recorded $25.0 billion from Keytruda sales in 2023, up 19% year over year. Drug sales are gaining from continued strong momentum in metastatic indications and rapid uptake across recent earlier-stage launches. Keytruda is consistently growing and expanding into new indications and markets globally.    |  Merck currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). A couple of better-ranked stocks in the overall healthcare sector include  (     )     and  (     )    , each sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see  . In the past 60 days, estimates for ADMA Biologics’ 2024 earnings per share (EPS) have risen from 22 cents to 30 cents. During the same period, EPS estimates for 2025 have improved from 32 cents to 50 cents. Year to date, shares of ADMA have risen 37.0%. Earnings of ADMA Biologics beat estimates in three of the last four quarters while meeting the same on one occasion. ADMA delivered a four-quarter average earnings surprise of 85.00%. In the past 60 days, estimates for ANI Pharmaceuticals’ 2024 EPS have risen from $4.06 to $4.43. Meanwhile, during the same period, EPS estimates for 2025 have improved from $4.80 to $5.04. Year to date, shares of ANIP have risen 25.7%. Earnings of ANI Pharmaceuticals beat estimates in each of the last four quarters. ANI delivered a four-quarter average earnings surprise of 109.06%. Our experts picked 7 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buy stocks with the best chance to skyrocket within the next 30-90 days. Recent stocks from this report have soared up to +67.5% within 30 days - this month's picks could be even better. See our report's 7 new picks today - it's really free!    No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. This page has not been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved or endorsed by the companies represented herein. Each of the company logos represented herein are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation; Dow Jones & Company; Nasdaq, Inc.; Forbes Media, LLC; Investor's Business Daily, Inc.; and Morningstar, Inc. Copyright 2024 Zacks Investment Research   10 S Riverside Plaza Suite #1600   Chicago, IL 60606 At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has more than doubled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +24.15%  per year. These returns cover a period from January 1, 1988 through March 4, 2024. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zacks Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations. Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer. Visit   for information about the performance numbers displayed above. Visit   to get our data and content for your mobile app or website. Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard. NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google   and   apply.