We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more,  . By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised   and  . You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click  . If you do not, click Cancel.   Image: Bigstock Zacks Equity Research
                     
                      
     
                 
                 
                             
                 
             
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 Microsoft (     )     closed the most recent trading day at $422.86, moving -1.37% from the previous trading session. The stock's change was less than the S&P 500's daily loss of 0.31%. At the same time, the Dow lost 0.41%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.27%. The software maker's stock has climbed by 4.48% in the past month, exceeding the Computer and Technology sector's gain of 3.86% and the S&P 500's gain of 3.05%. The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of Microsoft in its upcoming release. The company's upcoming EPS is projected at $2.84, signifying a 15.92% increase compared to the same quarter of the previous year. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $60.63 billion, up 14.71% from the prior-year quarter. MSFT's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $11.63 per share and revenue of $243.6 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +18.55% and +14.95%, respectively. It's also important for investors to be aware of any recent modifications to analyst estimates for Microsoft. Such recent modifications usually signify the changing landscape of near-term business trends. As a result, upbeat changes in estimates indicate analysts' favorable outlook on the company's business health and profitability. Our research demonstrates that these adjustments in estimates directly associate with imminent stock price performance. To take advantage of this, we've established the Zacks Rank, an exclusive model that considers these estimated changes and delivers an operational rating system. The Zacks Rank system, ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), possesses a remarkable history of outdoing, externally audited, with #1 stocks returning an average annual gain of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. Microsoft currently has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). Looking at valuation, Microsoft is presently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 36.87. This denotes a premium relative to the industry's average Forward P/E of 31.03. We can also see that MSFT currently has a PEG ratio of 2.28. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. By the end of yesterday's trading, the Computer - Software industry had an average PEG ratio of 2.43. The Computer - Software industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 45, putting it in the top 18% of all 250+ industries. The Zacks Industry Rank assesses the strength of our separate industry groups by calculating the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks contained within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1. You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com. Our experts picked 7 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buy stocks with the best chance to skyrocket within the next 30-90 days. Recent stocks from this report have soared up to +67.5% within 30 days - this month's picks could be even better. See our report's 7 new picks today - it's really free!    No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. This page has not been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved or endorsed by the companies represented herein. Each of the company logos represented herein are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation; Dow Jones & Company; Nasdaq, Inc.; Forbes Media, LLC; Investor's Business Daily, Inc.; and Morningstar, Inc. Copyright 2024 Zacks Investment Research   10 S Riverside Plaza Suite #1600   Chicago, IL 60606 At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has more than doubled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +24.15%  per year. These returns cover a period from January 1, 1988 through March 4, 2024. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zacks Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations. Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer. Visit   for information about the performance numbers displayed above. Visit   to get our data and content for your mobile app or website. Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard. NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google   and   apply.