
                                             
                                         
                                                     
                                                  Levi & Korsinsky notifies investors that it has commenced an investigation of NIKE, Inc. ("NIKE") (NYSE:NKE) concerning possible violations of federal securities laws. On December 21, 2023, Nike announced lower than expected sales outlook for the fiscal year 2024, and accordingly lowered its guidance blaming it on macro pressure in China and EMEA and "lower levels of growth derived from e-commerce." Further, Nike announced a cost-savings program that included layoffs and streamlining company operations. Analysts commented on Nike's failure to increase and improve market investments while industry competitors have seen increases in "customer acquisition and retention." Following this news, Nike's stock price fell by $14.49 per share, or approximately 12% to close at $108.04 per share. To obtain additional information, go to: or contact Joseph E. Levi, Esq. either via email at   or by telephone at  . Over the past 20 years, Levi & Korsinsky LLP has established itself as a nationally-recognized securities litigation firm that has secured hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders and built a track record of winning high-stakes cases. The firm has extensive expertise representing investors in complex securities litigation and a team of over 70 employees to serve our clients. For seven years in a row, Levi & Korsinsky has ranked in ISS Securities Class Action Services' Top 50 Report as one of the top securities litigation firms in the United States. Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Joseph E. Levi, Esq. Ed Korsinsky, Esq. 33 Whitehall Street, 17th Floor New York, NY 10004 Tel:  Fax: (212)363-7171 Levi & Korsinsky, LLP 
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                     ACCESSWIRE | All Rights Reserved 