We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more,  . By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised   and  . You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click  . If you do not, click Cancel.   Image: Bigstock Zacks Equity Research
                     
                                  
     
                 
                 
                             
                 
             
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                  (     )     will be subjected to two stress tests this year along with around 40 reviews by Swiss financial regulator, FINMA. The increased vigilance on the country's last remaining global systemic bank comes after its 2023 takeover of Credit Suisse, escalating concerns about "too big to fail" lenders. Following the acquisition, UBS’ balance sheet is twice the size of the Swiss economy. This might result in stringent capital and liquidity requirements for UBS. Per Thomas Hirschi, FINMA's head of the banks division, "Forty on-site supervisory reviews are planned at UBS in Switzerland and abroad, as well as two in-depth stress tests this year." Tests on banks are carried out to assess institutions' resilience in extreme economic situations. FINMA’s assessment of UBS will focus on operational stability, capital and liquidity planning as well as emergency preparedness. In June 2023, UBS Group completed the acquisition of Credit Suisse (a regulatory-assisted deal). This move is expected to enhance capabilities in wealth and asset management as well as aid in growing its capital-light businesses. The company is on track to complete the integration process by 2026-end. Pursuant to its business restructuring plans, it is likely to wind down its Non-Core and Legacy portfolio, releasing more than $6 billion of capital by 2026-end. Through these efforts, the company aims to achieve gross cost reductions of around $13 billion by 2026-end compared with 2022 levels.  This aside, it was recently reported that the company intended to expand its wealth management business in the United States over the next three or four years on the back of mergers and acquisitions.  Given a solid balance-sheet position, UBS Group will be able to undertake beneficial strategic acquisitions. Over the past six months, UBS shares have gained 23.2% on the NYSE compared with the  ’s growth of 14.8%. Currently, UBS Group carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see  . . (     )     inked a deal to buy Compass Group LLC to redefine the investment landscape in Latin America. The transaction is set to close in the third quarter of 2024, pending regulatory approvals. With this acquisition, VINP will solidify its position as a key player in the Latin America investment landscape, boasting more than $50 billion in assets under management across private markets, investment products and solutions, public equities and corporate advisory segments. Last month,  (     )     announced its plan to acquire Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. This move underscores the company’s commitment to expanding its reach and enhancing its offerings in the wealth management solutions market. The acquisition aligns with LPLA’s goal to empower independent financial advisors and institutions nationwide by providing them with comprehensive support and resources. The agreement involves acquiring Atria Wealth Solutions’ broker-dealers, which include subsidiaries catering to both independent financial professionals and banks/credit unions. Our experts picked 7 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buy stocks with the best chance to skyrocket within the next 30-90 days. Recent stocks from this report have soared up to +67.5% within 30 days - this month's picks could be even better. See our report's 7 new picks today - it's really free!    No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. This page has not been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved or endorsed by the companies represented herein. Each of the company logos represented herein are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation; Dow Jones & Company; Nasdaq, Inc.; Forbes Media, LLC; Investor's Business Daily, Inc.; and Morningstar, Inc. Copyright 2024 Zacks Investment Research   10 S Riverside Plaza Suite #1600   Chicago, IL 60606 At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has more than doubled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +24.15%  per year. These returns cover a period from January 1, 1988 through March 4, 2024. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zacks Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations. Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer. Visit   for information about the performance numbers displayed above. Visit   to get our data and content for your mobile app or website. Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard. NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google   and   apply.